[WARNING]: Found variable using reserved name: become
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (description). Using last defined
value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (enabled). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mode). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (vlan). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (native_vlan). Using last defined
value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (allowed_vlan). Using last defined
value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (vrf). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (address). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mask). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (speed). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (duplex). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mtu). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/spine-2.yml, line 107, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (channel_group). Using last defined
value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (description). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (enabled). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mode). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (vlan). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (native_vlan). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (allowed_vlan). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (vrf). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (address). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mask). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (speed). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (duplex). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mtu). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-1.yml, line 80, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (channel_group). Using last defined
value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (description). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (enabled). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mode). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (vlan). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (native_vlan). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (allowed_vlan). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (vrf). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (address). Using last defined value
only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mask). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (speed). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (duplex). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (mtu). Using last defined value only.
[WARNING]: While constructing a mapping from /home/matt/Code/fabric/ansible/host_vars/leaf-3.yml, line 88, column 3, found a duplicate dict key (channel_group). Using last defined
value only.
{
    "_meta": {
        "hostvars": {
            "leaf-1": {
                "ansible_become_method": "enable",
                "ansible_become_password": "en1234",
                "ansible_connection": "ansible.netcommon.network_cli",
                "ansible_host": "172.18.0.13",
                "ansible_network_os": "cisco.ios.ios",
                "ansible_python_interpreter": "/usr/bin/python3",
                "ansible_ssh_pass": "admin1234",
                "ansible_ssh_user": "admin",
                "asn": 65011,
                "become": true,
                "hostname": "leaf-1",
                "imported_vars": "{{ include 'vars/main.yml' }}",
                "interfaces": [
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.1.1",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Spine-1",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/1",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "172.18.0.13",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "MGMT",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": false,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/2",
                        "mask": "/16",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 1500,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "MGMT"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.250.11",
                        "description": "BGP Router ID",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "loopback0",
                        "mask": "/32",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "neighbors": [
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.1",
                        "remote_as": 65001,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    },
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": "2",
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.2",
                        "remote_as": 65002,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    }
                ],
                "networks": [
                    {
                        "prefix": "10.100.10.1/24"
                    }
                ],
                "router_id": "10.100.250.11",
                "snmp_auth": "P@ssW0rd",
                "snmp_priv": "P@ssW0rD1",
                "snmp_user": "NWMgmtOnly!",
                "static_routes": [
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.1",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.1.0",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.2",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.2.0",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "vlans": [
                    {
                        "id": 1,
                        "name": "default",
                        "state": "active"
                    }
                ],
                "vrfs": [
                    {
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/3",
                        "name": "MGMT",
                        "rd": "65001:100",
                        "state": "present"
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "FABRIC",
                        "rd": "65001:200",
                        "state": "present"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "leaf-2": {
                "ansible_become_method": "enable",
                "ansible_become_password": "en1234",
                "ansible_connection": "ansible.netcommon.network_cli",
                "ansible_host": "172.18.0.14",
                "ansible_network_os": "cisco.ios.ios",
                "ansible_python_interpreter": "/usr/bin/python3",
                "ansible_ssh_pass": "admin1234",
                "ansible_ssh_user": "admin",
                "asn": 65012,
                "become": true,
                "hostname": "leaf-2",
                "imported_vars": "{{ include 'vars/main.yml' }}",
                "interfaces": [
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.1.3",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Spine-1",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/1",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.2.3",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Spine-2",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/2",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "172.18.0.14",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "MGMT",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/3",
                        "mask": "/16",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 1500,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "MGMT"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.250.12",
                        "description": "BGP Router ID",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "loopback0",
                        "mask": "/32",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "neighbors": [
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.1",
                        "remote_as": 65001,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    },
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.2",
                        "remote_as": 65002,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    }
                ],
                "networks": [
                    {
                        "prefix": "10.100.20.1/24"
                    }
                ],
                "router_id": "10.100.250.12",
                "snmp_auth": "P@ssW0rd",
                "snmp_priv": "P@ssW0rD1",
                "snmp_user": "NWMgmtOnly!",
                "static_routes": [
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.1",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.1.2",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.2",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.2.2",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "vlans": [
                    {
                        "id": 1,
                        "name": "default",
                        "state": "active"
                    }
                ],
                "vrfs": [
                    {
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/3",
                        "name": "MGMT",
                        "rd": "65001:100",
                        "state": "present"
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "FABRIC",
                        "rd": "65001:200",
                        "state": "present"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "leaf-3": {
                "ansible_become_method": "enable",
                "ansible_become_password": "en1234",
                "ansible_connection": "ansible.netcommon.network_cli",
                "ansible_host": "172.18.0.15",
                "ansible_network_os": "cisco.ios.ios",
                "ansible_python_interpreter": "/usr/bin/python3",
                "ansible_ssh_pass": "admin1234",
                "ansible_ssh_user": "admin",
                "asn": 65013,
                "become": true,
                "hostname": "leaf-3",
                "imported_vars": "{{ include 'vars/main.yml' }}",
                "interfaces": [
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.1.5",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Spine-1",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": false,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/1",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "172.18.0.15",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "MGMT",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": false,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/2",
                        "mask": "/16",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 1500,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "MGMT"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.250.13",
                        "description": "BGP Router ID",
                        "enabled": false,
                        "interface": "loopback0",
                        "mask": "/32",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "neighbors": [
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.1",
                        "remote_as": 65001,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    },
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.2",
                        "remote_as": 65002,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    }
                ],
                "networks": [
                    {
                        "prefix": "10.100.30.1/24"
                    },
                    {
                        "prefix": "192.168.2.0/24"
                    }
                ],
                "router_id": "10.100.250.13",
                "snmp_auth": "P@ssW0rd",
                "snmp_priv": "P@ssW0rD1",
                "snmp_user": "NWMgmtOnly!",
                "static_routes": [
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.1",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.1.4",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.2",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.2.4",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "vlans": [
                    {
                        "id": 1,
                        "name": "default",
                        "state": "active"
                    }
                ],
                "vrfs": [
                    {
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/3",
                        "name": "MGMT",
                        "rd": "65001:100",
                        "state": "present"
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "FABRIC",
                        "rd": "65001:200",
                        "state": "present"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "spine-1": {
                "ansible_become_method": "enable",
                "ansible_become_password": "en1234",
                "ansible_connection": "ansible.netcommon.network_cli",
                "ansible_host": "172.18.0.11",
                "ansible_network_os": "cisco.ios.ios",
                "ansible_python_interpreter": "/usr/bin/python3",
                "ansible_ssh_pass": "admin1234",
                "ansible_ssh_user": "admin",
                "asn": 65001,
                "become": true,
                "dhcp_servers": [
                    {
                        "dhcp_dns_primary": null,
                        "dhcp_dns_secondary": null,
                        "dhcp_gateway": null,
                        "dhcp_lease": null,
                        "dhcp_mask": null,
                        "dhcp_pool_name": null,
                        "dhcp_subnet": null,
                        "dhcp_vlan": null
                    }
                ],
                "hostname": "spine-1",
                "interfaces": [
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.1.0",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Leaf-1",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet0/1",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.1.2",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Leaf-2",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet0/2",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.1.4",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Leaf-3",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet0/3",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "172.18.0.11",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "MGMT",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/3",
                        "mask": "/16",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 1500,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "MGMT"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.250.1",
                        "description": "BGP Router ID",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "loopback0",
                        "mask": "/32",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "neighbors": [
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.11",
                        "remote_as": 65011,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    },
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.12",
                        "remote_as": 65012,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    },
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.13",
                        "remote_as": 65013,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    }
                ],
                "networks": [
                    {
                        "prefix": null
                    }
                ],
                "router_id": "10.100.250.1",
                "snmp_auth": "P@ssW0rd",
                "snmp_priv": "P@ssW0rD1",
                "snmp_user": "NWMgmtOnly!",
                "static_routes": [
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.11",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.1.1",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.12",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.1.3",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.13",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.1.5",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "vlans": [
                    {
                        "id": 1,
                        "name": "default",
                        "state": "active"
                    }
                ],
                "vrfs": [
                    {
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/3",
                        "name": "MGMT",
                        "rd": "65001:100",
                        "state": "present"
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "FABRIC",
                        "rd": "65001:200",
                        "state": "present"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "spine-2": {
                "ansible_become_method": "enable",
                "ansible_become_password": "en1234",
                "ansible_connection": "ansible.netcommon.network_cli",
                "ansible_host": "172.18.0.12",
                "ansible_network_os": "cisco.ios.ios",
                "ansible_python_interpreter": "/usr/bin/python3",
                "ansible_ssh_pass": "admin1234",
                "ansible_ssh_user": "admin",
                "asn": 65002,
                "become": true,
                "dhcp_servers": [
                    {
                        "dhcp_dns_primary": null,
                        "dhcp_dns_secondary": null,
                        "dhcp_gateway": null,
                        "dhcp_lease": null,
                        "dhcp_mask": null,
                        "dhcp_pool_name": null,
                        "dhcp_subnet": null,
                        "dhcp_vlan": null
                    }
                ],
                "hostname": "spine-2",
                "interfaces": [
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.2.0",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Leaf-1",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet0/1",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.2.2",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "To Leaf-2",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet0/2",
                        "mask": "/31",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 9000,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "172.18.0.12",
                        "allowed_vlan": null,
                        "channel_group": null,
                        "description": "MGMT",
                        "duplex": "full",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet0/3",
                        "mask": "/16",
                        "mode": null,
                        "mtu": 1500,
                        "native_vlan": null,
                        "speed": "auto",
                        "vlan": null,
                        "vrf": "MGMT"
                    },
                    {
                        "address": "10.100.250.2",
                        "description": "BGP Router ID",
                        "enabled": true,
                        "interface": "loopback0",
                        "mask": "/32",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "neighbors": [
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.11",
                        "remote_as": 65011,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    },
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.12",
                        "remote_as": 65012,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    },
                    {
                        "default_originate": false,
                        "ebgp_multihop": 2,
                        "neighbor_address": "10.100.250.13",
                        "remote_as": 65013,
                        "update_source": "Loopback0"
                    }
                ],
                "networks": [
                    {
                        "prefix": null
                    }
                ],
                "router_id": "10.100.250.2",
                "snmp_auth": "P@ssW0rd",
                "snmp_priv": "P@ssW0rD1",
                "snmp_user": "NWMgmtOnly!",
                "static_routes": [
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.11",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.2.1",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.12",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.2.3",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    },
                    {
                        "destination": "10.100.250.13",
                        "mask": "255.255.255.255",
                        "metric": 1,
                        "name": "Route_to_bgp_loopback",
                        "next_hop": "10.100.2.5",
                        "vrf": "FABRIC"
                    }
                ],
                "vlans": [
                    {
                        "id": 1,
                        "name": "default",
                        "state": "active"
                    }
                ],
                "vrfs": [
                    {
                        "interface": "GigabitEthernet3/3",
                        "name": "MGMT",
                        "rd": "65001:100",
                        "state": "present"
                    },
                    {
                        "name": "FABRIC",
                        "rd": "65001:200",
                        "state": "present"
                    }
                ]
            }
        }
    },
    "all": {
        "children": [
            "ungrouped",
            "spines",
            "leafs",
            "switches"
        ]
    },
    "leafs": {
        "hosts": [
            "leaf-1",
            "leaf-2",
            "leaf-3"
        ]
    },
    "spines": {
        "hosts": [
            "spine-1",
            "spine-2"
        ]
    },
    "switches": {
        "children": [
            "spines",
            "leafs"
        ]
    }
}
(venv) matt@xps:~/Code/fabric/ansible$ 